Initial ASA articles, introduction + service users (#1508)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/service-users/index.md

Advanced Server Access (ASA) Service Users are used to access to the ASA API. ASA Service Users are provided tokens for authentication and authorization against the service.

Explore the Service Users API: [![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/run-collection/fba803e43a4ae53667d4).

## Service Users API Operations

The Service Users API has the following operations:
* [Issue a Service User token](#issue-a-service-user-token)
* [List the Service Users for a Team](#list-the-service-users-for-a-team)
* [Create a Service User](#create-a-service-user)
* [Fetch a Service User](#fetch-a-service-user)
* [Update the status of a Service User](#update-the-status-of-a-service-user)
* [List the API keys for a Service User](#list-the-api-keys-for-a-service-user)
* [Rotate API keys for a Service Users](#rotate-api-keys-for-a-service-users)
* [Delete an API key for a Service User](#delete-an-api-key-for-a-service-user)

### Issue a Service User token

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_token" />

> Most calls to the Okta Advanced Server Access API require an HTTP Authorization header with a value of the form `Bearer ${AUTH_TOKEN}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most calls to the Okta Advanced Server Access API require an HTTP Authorization header with a value of `Bearer ${AUTH_TOKEN}`.
```

> To retrieve an auth token, you'll need to [create a service user and API key](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_asa_service_users), then pass the API key information to this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve an auth token, you need to [create a Service User and API key](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_asa_service_users), then pass the API key information to this endpoint.
```

> Auth tokens may expire at any time, so code using them should be prepared to handle a 401 response code by creating a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth tokens may expire at any time, so code that uses them should be prepared to handle a 401 response code by creating a new auth token.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint requires an object with the following fields.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `key_id`   | string | The ID of the API key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `key_id`   | string | The ID of the API key |
```

> | `key_secret`   | string | The secret associated with the API key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `key_secret`   | string | The secret associated with the API key |
```

#### Response body
This endpoint returns an object with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `bearer_token`   | string | The JSON Web Token used to authenticate against the ASA API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bearer_token`   | string | The JSON Web Token used to authenticate against the ASA API |
```

> | `expires_at`   | string | The time at which the token expires, formatted in accordance with RFC 3339. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expires_at`   | string | The time at which the token expires, formatted in accordance with [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) |
```

> | `team_name`   | string | The name of the Team this token is for. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `team_name`   | string | The name of the Team this token is for |
```

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"key_id": "6052868b-1b04-4a14-8288-e6496d7f2f4b",
	"key_secret": "uF0SoVBVQP/hJmQSLUZdM2a7ArYzjD8ykzvG7n4tKaOEfSErcwMUUDWpEf4Q42/HaVKPZUfILkzy/bsQFv7WRg==",

> 	"roles": null

Reviewer: this isn't included in the request body table above.

	"expires_at": "2016-10-18T17:26:30Z",
	"team_name": "scaleft"
}
```
### List the Service Users for a Team

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users" />

> List all the Service Users for a Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all the Service Users for a Team
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

> | Parameter | Type   | Description |

Reviewer: believe that I have covered all of these parameters with comments in other PRs to address globally.

| --------- | ------------- | -------- |
| `contains`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with name that contains the value. |
| `count`   |  number | (Optional) The number of objects per page. |
| `descending`   |  boolean | (Optional) The object order. |
| `include_service_users`   |  string | (Optional) Include Service Users in result. |
| `offset`   |  string | (Optional) The page offset. |
| `prev`   |  boolean | (Optional) The direction of paging. |
| `starts_with`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with name that begins with the value. |
| `status`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with specified statuses. Valid statuses are `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, and `DELETED`. |

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.

> | Properties | Type        | Description          |

Reviewer: believe that I have covered the parameters in this table with comments in other PRs to address globally.

| `oauth_client_application_id`   | string | The ID of the ASA User provided by OAuth, if it exists. |
| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |
| `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{
			"deleted_at": null,
			"details": null,
			"id": "aa225c16-af6e-4ab4-9150-456fd472e2d7",
			"name": "shreve",
			"oauth_client_application_id": null,
			"role_grants": null,
			"status": "ACTIVE",
			"user_type": "service"
		},
		{
			"deleted_at": null,
			"details": null,
			"id": "6b69de4e-90be-4016-9085-d54bf5815da1",
			"name": "dilsey.gibson",
			"oauth_client_application_id": null,
			"role_grants": null,
			"status": "DISABLED",
			"user_type": "service"
		}
	]
}
```
### Create a Service User

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users" />

> This endpoint creates a Service User, which can be used to automate interaction with the Advanced Server Access API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a Service User that can be used to automate interaction with the Advanced Server Access API
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint requires an object with the following fields.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `name`   | string | The name of the Service User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`   | string | The name of the Service User |
```

| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA User. |
| `name`   | string | The username of the ASA User. |
| `oauth_client_application_id`   | string | The ID of the ASA User provided by OAuth, if it exists. |
| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |
| `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"name": "shreve"
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"details": null,
	"id": "aa225c16-af6e-4ab4-9150-456fd472e2d7",
	"name": "shreve",
	"oauth_client_application_id": null,
	"role_grants": null,
	"status": "ACTIVE",
	"user_type": "service"
}
```
### Fetch a Service User

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}" />

> This endpoint fetches information regarding a specific Service User.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches information regarding a specific Service User
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA User. |
| `name`   | string | The username of the ASA User. |
| `oauth_client_application_id`   | string | The ID of the ASA User provided by OAuth, if it exists. |
| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |
| `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"details": null,
	"id": "0ef92677-ee45-4bb2-965f-243a8a4e54f3",
	"name": "dilsey.gibson",
	"oauth_client_application_id": null,
	"role_grants": null,
	"status": "ACTIVE",
	"user_type": "service"
}
```
### Update the status of a Service User

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}" />

> This endpoint updates information regarding a specific Service User.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates information about a specific Service User
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |
| `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"details": null,
	"id": "6b69de4e-90be-4016-9085-d54bf5815da1",
	"name": "dilsey.gibson",
	"oauth_client_application_id": null,
	"role_grants": null,
	"status": "DISABLED",
	"user_type": "service"
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"details": null,
	"id": "6b69de4e-90be-4016-9085-d54bf5815da1",
	"name": "dilsey.gibson",
	"oauth_client_application_id": null,
	"role_grants": null,
	"status": "DISABLED",
	"user_type": "service"
}
```
### List the API keys for a Service User

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}/keys" />

> This endpoint lists the API keys belonging to a specific Service User. The corresponding secret for each key is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the API keys that belong to a specific Service User. The corresponding secret for each key isn't provided.
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |
| `user_name`   | string | The relevant username. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `expires_at`   | string | The expiration time of the key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expires_at`   | string | The expiration time of the key |
```

| `id`   | string | The UUID of the API key |

> | `issued_at`   | string | The time at which the key was issued. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `issued_at`   | string | The time at which the key was issued |
```

> | `last_used`   | string | The last time the key was used against Advanced Server Access. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `last_used`   | string | The last time the key was used against Advanced Server Access |
```

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}/keys
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{
			"expires_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"id": "c6de9d40-1e6c-4033-88cb-992367d162eb",
			"issued_at": "2020-04-07T02:00:00Z",
			"last_used": null
		},
		{
			"expires_at": "2020-04-09T00:00:00Z",
			"id": "f37fadfc-fa03-4f46-a390-ce202772cff4",
			"issued_at": "2020-04-07T00:00:00Z",
			"last_used": null
		}
	]
}
```

> ### Rotate API keys for a Service Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rotate API keys for a Service User
```

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}/keys" />

> Rotating an API key will automatically set an expiration date on the rest of the API keys a Service User has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotates API keys for a Service User. Rotating an API key automatically sets an expiration date for the rest of the API keys that a Service User has.
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |
| `user_name`   | string | The relevant username. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns an object with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|
| `expires_at`   | string | The expiration time of the key. |
| `id`   | string | The UUID of the API key |
| `issued_at`   | string | The time at which the key was issued. |
| `last_used`   | string | The last time the key was used against Advanced Server Access. |

> | `secret`   | string | The secret of the API key. This is used to authenticate the Service User. Do not share. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secret`   | string | The secret of the API key. This is used to authenticate the Service User. Don't share. |
```

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}/keys
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"expires_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"id": "ba7ffbe9-c8e4-45c9-bc07-45729711c952",
	"issued_at": "2020-04-07T00:00:00Z",
	"last_used": null,
	"secret": "NOvsvBg0g9mFXdHbLxEJcEFpu+LZjQSKsYezqMALq5WbGZTpUsxoS4vBqqHOO9O3xrhOq03B+oLf7bSTShbudw=="
}
```
### Delete an API key for a Service User

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/service_users/${user_name}/keys/${key_id}" />

> This endpoint deletes an API key and prevents its future use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes an API key and prevents its future use
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```
